Describe ExportLoadPanel and ExportDataGridProps (#431)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/50 Common/Object Structures/ExportDataGridProps/customizeCell.md

---
---
##### shortDescription
Customizes an Excel cell after creation.

##### param(options): Object
An object passed to this callback function.

##### field(options.excelCell): Object

> An ExcelJS object that describes an Excel cell. Use its properties to customize the cell. For information on them, refer to the ExcelJS documentation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An ExcelJS object that describes an Excel cell. Use its properties to customize the cell. For information on these properties, refer to following ExcelJS documentation:
```
